# Our Solution

Directly talking to patients is a crucial way for doctors to gain trust and insight into the patient’s health. Yet even during in-person consultations, doctors now spend more than a third of their limited time entering data into the computer instead of talking directly with patients, and often cut the appointment short so they have time to type up the findings afterward. As a result, not only is it possible for doctors to overlook key context clues, but patients also feel less welcome and involved in the decision making process. MedSync enables doctors and patients to walk through the health records together and encourages discussion of the doctor’s notes. Patient-doctor visits are documented in the moment through audio transcription and handwriting, and the doctor remains accessible afterwards through historical review, chat messaging, and video consultation. By reducing the burden on doctors and expanding the amount of time available for doctors and patients to discuss important information together, MedSync is improving the quality of healthcare, one doctor-patient relationship at a time. 

Storing health data in a way that is compliant with HIPAA regulations can be prohibitively expensive and difficult to manage and access. NetApp’s NFS as a Service is more cost effective than currently available options and introduces high availability, replicability, and flexibility in MedSync’s health data management. NetApp allows us to mount data files and redirect from multiple sources according to the respective level of security required. Health data can be segregated based on whether it is classified as Personal Health Information (PHI) or non-PHI, and higher security data is then funneled into HIPAA-compliant data mounts. Thanks NetApp!
